feat: now use psr18 and php8 + add sendTransactionalEmail method (#1)
rezozero/subscribeme: README.md

Reviewer: You may rewrite this library introduction as well.

This isn't `Simple mailing-list subscriber factory.` no more.

[![Static analysis and code style](https://github.com/rezozero/subscribeme/actions/workflows/run-test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rezozero/subscribeme/actions/workflows/run-test.yml)

> Unified Email Service Library: A simple mailing list subscriber factory that includes a mailing list subscription feature and the ability to send transactional emails.

Reviewer: :+1:

Reviewer: If you can copy this sentence to the `composer.json` `description` it could be awesome.

```

```php
use SubscribeMe\Factory;

> /**
> * We use Psr18 so you need to use a client that implements psr 18 like guzzle for example
> */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/**
* This library uses PSR18 and PSR17 so you need to provide a client that implements PSR18 like Guzzle for example
*/
```

> $factory = new Factory($client, $requestFactory, $streamFactory);

Reviewer: How do we get `$client`, `$requestFactory`, `$streamFactory` variables?

You should add Guzzle example

> $factory = new Factory($client, $requestFactory, $streamFactory);

Reviewer: How do we get `$client`, `$requestFactory`, `$streamFactory` variables?

You should add Guzzle example

$userConsent->setUsageFieldName('gdpr_consent_usage');

$subscriber->subscribe('hello@super.test', ['Name' => 'John Doe'], [$userConsent]);

> // method for send transactional email (YMLP does not support transactional)
> /**
> * @param array<\SubscribeMe\ValueObject\EmailAddress> $emails (email required, name optional)
> * @param int|string $emailTemplateId required
> * @param array $variables optional
> */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/**
 * Method for sending transactional emails (YMLP does not support transactional emails).
 *
 * @param array<\SubscribeMe\ValueObject\EmailAddress> $emails (email required, name optional)
 * @param int|string $emailTemplateId required
 * @param array $variables optional
 */
```

$userConsent->setUsageFieldName('gdpr_consent_usage');

$subscriber->subscribe('hello@super.test', ['Name' => 'John Doe'], [$userConsent]);

/**
 * Method for sending transactional emails (YMLP does not support transactional emails).
 *
 * @param array<\SubscribeMe\ValueObject\EmailAddress> $emails (email required, name optional)
 * @param int|string $emailTemplateId required
 * @param array $variables optional
 */
$subscriber->sendTransactionalEmail($emails, $emailTemplateId, $variables)
```

> ### SYMFONY Implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Symfony usage
```

> With symfony, you don't have to implement the factory,
> you can directly implement the interface and thus make the code generic,
> which means that if you want to change platform later,
> you just have to change the register implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Symfony, you don't have to use the `Factory`,
you can directly make your code generic by depending on `SubscriberInterface`,
which means that if you want to change platform later,
you will just have to change the registration.
```

> ```php
> class YourClass
> {
>     public function __construct(
>         private SubscriberInterface $subscriber
>     ) {
>     }
>     
>     public function sendTransactional()
>     {
>         $this->subscriber->sendTransactionalEmail(
>             [
>                 new EmailAddress('user@example.com')
>             ],
>             $templateId
>         )
>     }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
final class YourClass
{
    public function __construct(
        // Make it generic, let Symfony provide the right service for you
        private SubscriberInterface $subscriber
    ) {
    }
    
    public function sendTransactional()
    {
        $this->subscriber->sendTransactionalEmail(
            [
                new EmailAddress('user@example.com')
            ],
            $templateId
        )
    }
}
```
```

> ```yaml
> # services.yaml
> services:
>   SubscribeMe\Subscriber\SubscriberInterface:
>     # here call the class of the platform used in your project (example with mailjet)
>     class: SubscribeMe\Subscriber\MailjetSubscriber
>     autowire: true
>     calls:
>       # here call method necessary on the platform (mailjet need apiKey and apiSecret)
>       - setApiKey: [ '%env(string:APP_MAILJET_API_KEY)%' ]
>       - setApiSecret: [ '%env(string:APP_MAILJET_API_SECRET_KEY)%' ]
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
# services.yaml
services:
  SubscribeMe\Subscriber\SubscriberInterface:
    # Here register the platform class used in your project (example with Mailjet)
    class: SubscribeMe\Subscriber\MailjetSubscriber
    # Here comes the Symfony magic, PSR17 and PSR18 will be automatically provided
    autowire: true
    calls:
      # Here call necessary methods according to your platform (Mailjet need apiKey and apiSecret)
      - setApiKey: [ '%env(string:APP_MAILJET_API_KEY)%' ]
      - setApiSecret: [ '%env(string:APP_MAILJET_API_SECRET_KEY)%' ]
```
```

$subscriber->setPending();
```

### Mailchimp options sender transactional email

See https://mailchimp.com/developer/transactional/api/messages/send-using-message-template/

```php
$subscriber = $factory->createFor('mailchimp');
// Mailchimp only requires an API Key
$subscriber->setApiKey('mailchimp_api_key');

> // use an array of value object EmailAddress for recipients
> $emails[] = new \SubscribeMe\ValueObject\EmailAddress('hello@super.test', 'John Doe');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// use an array of value object EmailAddress for recipients
$emails = [
    new \SubscribeMe\ValueObject\EmailAddress('hello@super.test', 'John Doe')
];
```

// Mailchimp only use string for his $templateEmailId

> $emailTemplateId = 'teamplate_name';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$emailTemplateId = 'template_name';
```

> // Mailchimp use an array of variables arrays how contains 'name' and 'content'

Reviewer: Are your sure of that ?
Your MailchimpSubscriber do not transform the variables array into the form wanted by Mailchimp?

The purpose of this library is to make transactional email sending generic. So we should require   simple *key-value* array as inputs. Then each subscribers transform it.

$subscriber->subscribe('hello@super.test', ["FNAME" => "Elly", "LNAME" => "Roger"], [$userConsent]);
```

### Brevo sender transactional email options

See https://developers.brevo.com/reference/sendtransacemail

```php
$subscriber = $factory->createFor('brevo');
// Brevo only requires an API Key
$subscriber->setApiKey('brevo_api_key');
// use an array of value object EmailAddress for recipients
$emails[] = new EmailAddress('jimmy98@example.com', 'Jimmy');
// Brevo only use int for his $templateEmailId
$templateEmail = 1;

> /** Brevo need an array of variables with in key the variables you want to change
>  * and value the value you want for replace key in template
> */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/** 
 * Brevo accepts an array of variables to inject into your transactional template.
 */
```
